a) What are some Pros and Cons of Agile development (vs non-Agile)? List 2 of each.

   One pro of Agile development is that it allows for continuous integration and deployment. It can help a team quickly reach a
   minimum viable product and release it, and then continue to improve it and add features. With non-agile, a team must essentially
   complete a project before release. Non-agile is not conducive to releasing parts of a project at a time. This means it takes longer
   to reach the first release.
   A second pro of Agile development is that it can help a team stay focused on specific tasks, instead of getting overwhelmed by the
   entirety of a project. A team focuses on very specific goals and deliverables for a short amount of time. This keeps people focused
   on the task at hand and keeps the project moving forward with constant deliverables. 

   A con of Agile development is that not all projects, especially very safet-critical ones, are a good fit for Agile because they cannot
   be broken into distinct parts. For example, software that operates a safety mechanism on a vehicle cannot be release incrementally, it
   must work entirely and with high confidence before being released/ implemented. 
   A second con of Agile development is that there may be a less defined end to a project, which makes resource budgeting and allocation
   challenging. Agile focuses in incrementally adding features, and the team may lose sight of when they have reached the overall project
   requirements. 

b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.

   The basic difference between scrum master and product owner is that the scrum master's goal is to ensure the team is following scrum
   principles and manages team dynamics, while the product owner's goal is to ensure the team is meeting project requirements and
   deliverables. The scrum master ensures that scrum principles (roles in a scrum team, collaboration, leading meetings, etc.) are being
   followed in a team. The product owner manages the backlog to ensure that the work being done by the team is actually moving towards a
   completed product that meets customer requirements. 

c) What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings.

   The 3 meetings in a sprint cycle are: sprint planning meeting, daily standup meeting, and sprint retrospective meeting. In the sprint planning
   meeting, the team identifies what needs to be completed in the next spring and moves relevant tasks from the backlog into a sprint to begin. The daily
   standup meeting is short, and each team member describes the work they have done, will work on today, and any challenges they have blocking progress.
   The sprint retrospective meeting is at the very end of a sprint, and the team discusses what work was completed and discusses any work that wasn't
   completed that needs to be moved to the next sprint, and then ends the current sprint. 

d) Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug, and Task issue types in JIRA.

   An epic is the largest issue type. This encompasses a larger goal of a product, such as an entire feature, that can be broken into smaller units.
   A story will define a system requirement of the epic it is under. The requirement should be described in a few sentences.
   A task is an actionable, small piece of work to be completed. 
   A bug is something that is preventing the completion/ success of another issue. 
